README.md, before:

# Goal

The only purpose of this tool is quickly switch between MONO / STEREO audio output using shortcuts.

# How To Use?

// TODO: Need generate macOs app from this files

# System Requirements


macOs. Tested only with macOs Mojave, 10.14.x

# Getting Started

// TODO: follow this template: 
// https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2

# Development

The use of the [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager is **strongly** recommended, as opposed to using `npm`, by [electron-webpack-quick-start](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-webpack-quick-start) used as basis for this project.

```bash
# install dependencies
yarn
```

## Development Scripts

```bash
# run application in development mode
yarn dev

# compile source code and create webpack output
yarn compile

# `yarn compile` & create build with electron-builder
yarn dist

# `yarn compile` & create unpacked build with electron-builder
yarn dist:dir
```

## This project uses

+ [electron-webpack-quick-start](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-webpack-quick-start) 
+ [electron-webpack](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-webpack) 
+ [electron-builder](https://www.electron.build) 

# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/jamland/mono-switch/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

# Privacy Policy

Simply, NO personal data is collected, stored or shared w/ 3rd parties

Commit message:

Update README with release notes

README.md, after:

# Mono Switch

The only purpose of this tool is quickly switch between MONO / STEREO audio output using menu or shortcuts.   
It can be done with keyboard shortcuts: `CTL + CMD + M`   
or via tray menu item.

## Get Mono Switch
[Download the latest release](https://github.com/jamland/mono-switch/releases/download/v1.0.0/Mono.Switch-1.0.0.dmg) (macOS only)


## System Requirements

macOs. Tested only with macOs Mojave, 10.14.x

## Development Notes

### How To Use?

// TODO: Need generate macOs app from this files

### Getting Started

// TODO: follow this template: 
// https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2

### Development

The use of the [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager is **strongly** recommended, as opposed to using `npm`, by [electron-webpack-quick-start](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-webpack-quick-start) used as basis for this project.

```bash
# install dependencies
yarn
```

### Development Scripts

```bash
# run application in development mode
yarn dev

# compile source code and create webpack output
yarn compile

# `yarn compile` & create build with electron-builder
yarn dist

# `yarn compile` & create unpacked build with electron-builder
yarn dist:dir
```

### This project uses

+ [electron-webpack-quick-start](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-webpack-quick-start) 
+ [electron-webpack](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-webpack) 
+ [electron-builder](https://www.electron.build) 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/jamland/mono-switch/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Privacy Policy

Simply, NO personal data is collected, stored or shared w/ 3rd parties
